# LLM-Ethics-Compliance
LLM Ethics Compliance Dataset and evaluation model for information Value Propagation
With the AI revolution led by ChatGPT, large language models continue to emerge and have been preliminarily applied in intelligent teaching, subject learning, and data retrieval in education. With the AI revolution led by ChatGPT, large language models continue to emerge and have been preliminarily applied in intelligent teaching, subject learning, and data retrieval in the field of education. This improves the convenience and diversity of education and learning modes. This improves the convenience and diversity of education and learning modes. Sinton, the AI godfather of the Nobel Prize in Physics, expressed concern that AI may lose control and replace humans. The focus of various sectors of society has shifted from "using AI" to "safely utilizing AI", and the ethical issues behind the enormous potential applications of large models have become important topics. Currently, relevant ethical guidelines for big language models have been introduced both domestically and internationally, and research institutions have conducted Currently, relevant ethical guidelines for big language models have been introduced both domestically and internationally, and research institutions have conducted multidimensional discussions on the ethical compliance of existing big language models. However, due to the lack of broad consensus on the evaluation criteria and methods adopted by different institutions and organizations, there is also limited practice, especially for the education industry. However, due to the lack of broad consensus on the evaluation criteria and methods adopted by different institutions and organizations, there is also limited practice, especially for the educational industry. Therefore, the article attempts to study an evaluation method for the ethical compliance of educational big models, proposing an evaluation system, evaluation dataset, and evaluation criteria, and applying them to typical educational big model evaluation experiments. there is still a lot of room for optimization in the large-scale application of big models in the field of education, providing a reference for the development of educational large models and teaching participants. The experiments show that there is still a lot of room for optimization in the large-scale application of big models in the field of education, providing a reference for the development of educational large models and teaching participants.
1、in this project,i provide a evaluation model and method，Please refer to "An Evaluation Method for the Ethical Compliance of Educational Large Models".
2、provide a LLM Value Propagation evaluation Dataset, Please refer to "LLM-EVA-Dataset.json".


E-mail:lym123450@163.com
